For real?
He...
He did it!
Tanjiro pushed the boulder!
Shit! He beat me!
It's just getting started.
If I let up for a moment,
my strength will give out.
I have to keep pushing the boulder
as long as I can.
Don't just arms, use legs and hips.
Push with legs and hips!
The lower body has more muscle mass
than the upper body.
Tempura! Tempura!
Boar Rush!
Even Inosuke moved the boulder.
This sucks!
The one left is me.
This is the worst!
Chuntaro? What's wrong?
I still can't push the boulder,
so I can't move to the next training.
Don't rush me.
It hurts! What's your problem?!
Huh? What? A letter for me?
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Episode 7: Gyomei Himejima
the Stone Hashira)
I moved it... one cho.
And that ends... Himejima's... training.
Huh?
Wait, what?
I... I'm dehydrated.
I sweated like a waterfall
but didn't drink any water.
Zen... Zenitsu, Inosuke, Murata...
I think I'm gonna die here...
Someone... help...
Himejima?
I'm saved.
Namu Amida Butsu.
Huh? Did I die?
Oh! I'm alive.
Th... Thank you.
You have completed the boulder training.
Along with your righteous
actions in the village,
I acknowledge you.
In the village?
Water... That's enough.
In the Swordsmith Village,
you prioritized saving the villagers
over the life of your demon sister.
Oh, about that...
Do not be ashamed.
You are an exemplary swordsman.
You should be proud of
your right action.
No. You're wrong.
It was Nezuko who made
that decision, not me.
I couldn't decide and almost
let the villagers get killed.
I don't deserve your acknowledgment.
Children are pure, innocent, and weak.
They lie and commit mischief
without hesitation.
They are the embodiment of
selfish desires.
However, this child is different.
No matter the circumstances,
I always want to take the right path,
but I don't know what lies ahead.
It's just that someone
has always helped me,
and that's why I haven't made
any mistakes so far.
It was really dangerous at that time.
So please, don't acknowledge me
that easily!
(Hard-Headed Boy)
Thank you for the water.
And thank you for your training
until today.
I have learned a lot.
Now my doubts are gone.
No matter what anyone says,
I will always acknowledge you,
Tanjiro Kamado.
Huh? I don't understand.
But why?
I used to raise orphans at a temple.
Kazunori, you took so long.
Sorry, I really needed to pee.
Sensei, today's meal is such a luxury.
Yes, I met a dried fish peddler today.
He gave me the leftovers for free.
Let's be thankful for the kind person.
Also, we should thank Ryotaro and Asami,
who are on kitchen duty.
Yeah, thank us!
Hey, Ryotaro!
Sayo?
What is the matter?
You can have my fish.
You're so thin. Please eat more.
I see. What a kind child you are.
While I appreciate your concern,
I am used to rigorous training
and can endure hunger.
You should eat it yourself, Sayo.
Okay.
Even so, I will not be outmatched
by you all in strength.
Then I'll take it!
No! It's only for Sensei!
Thanks for the meal.
Thanks for the meal!
Even though not bound by blood,
Be careful not to spill while you eat.
we lived together harmoniously,
helping one another like a family.
Be careful not to spill while you eat.
Eat slowly.
we lived together harmoniously,
helping one another like a family.
Bones!
we lived together harmoniously,
helping one another like a family.
Hey, hey, be careful.
we lived together harmoniously,
helping one another like a family.
Hey, hey, be careful.
I always wanted to live my life that way.
However, one night...
There was a child who
did not follow the rules
and did not return to
the temple by nightfall.
He encountered a demon.
To save himself,
he told the demon to devour me and
the eight other children at the temple.
Good night!
In the region where I lived, legends
about the threat of demons ran deep.
We always burned wisteria flower
incense for protection every night.
That child extinguished the incense...
...and invited the demon
into the temple.
Who is it?
Four children were killed immediately.
I tried to protect the remaining four,
but the three of them...
...did not listen to me.
They ran without relying on me,
and were killed by their throats slit.
At that time, I did not eat much
because we lack of food.
I was thin and weak-willed.
I had never raised my voice.
Furthermore, being a blind adult,
the children must have judged
that I was useless.
You're... blind?
Only Sayo, the youngest,
listened to me.
Sayo alone hid behind me.
I...
I chose to fight, determined to
protect Sayo at all costs.
The feeling of hitting
a living being was like hell.
I will never forget
that sickening sensation.
The first time I swung punches
with all my strength.
Even I was terrified by
its power myself.
Had not I been attacked by a demon,
I would have lived my entire life
without knowing how strong I was.
I kept smashing the demon's head
until dawn.
That night, I lost so much,
I was wounded,
and risked my life to protect Sayo.
Guess what she said when
people came to help?
"That person is a monster."
"Everyone was killed by that person."
Oh my God...
She must have been terrified and
confused by what had happened.
She was just a four-year-old child.
It's understandable.
Children are like that.
But even so, I wanted Sayo to
show me some appreciation.
I wanted her to thank me
for fighting for her.
Those words would have saved me.
But children are always
preoccupied with themselves.
The demon's corpse turned to
dust and vanished,
leaving only the children's bodies.
I was imprisoned for murder.
Had it not been for
the Master's intervention,
I would have been executed.
Since then, I have become
a deeply distrustful person.
Of course, I even doubted you.
No matter how good a person
appears to be,
their true nature is revealed
in dire situations.
But you did not run away, you did
not look away, you did not lie.
You were honest and earnest.
It might seem simple,
but few can maintain such qualities
in any circumstance.
You are a special child.
I can say this after having seen many
people with the eyes of my heart.
So I am certain.
Everyone shares uneasiness
about the future.
To ensure you do not lose your way,
I will help you from now on.
I'll do my best.
Thank you.
You finished your training with me.
You have done well.
Despite everything,
Himejima is a kind person.
Because I don't have talent,
he wouldn't make me his Tsuguko,
but he knew that I ate a demon
and made me his apprentice.
He introduced me to Kocho
to get my body examined.
Oh, that's the story, I see.
Kocho gave me such a nasty look.
Every time we meet, I get a lecture.
Inosuke! That's Zenitsu's portion,
so you can't have it!
Huh?! If he's not here,
it means he doesn't need it.
He's probably got an upset stomach
or something.
Well, I think it's more likely that
he'll get hungry later.
Ah, geez, you're always worrying
about other people.
You look pretty stubborn,
so I thought she'd lecture you too.
But in the end,
she didn't complain much.
If I couldn't use breathing techniques,
probably I'd be the same as you.
Is your body okay though?
I'm sure that Shinobu is worried
about your condition.
Do you think so?
I bet, yeah.
After having a meal,
I'm going to see Giyu.
Want to go together?
Even if I wanna, I can't.
I haven't moved the boulder one cho.
I'm almost there!
It's because I can't use
breathing techniques.
You can't use breathing techniques?
What a small fry!
- You are the small fry!
- The heck, Bastard!
- Damn you!
- Come're!
Both of you, stop fighting!
Get off me!
I was thinking we could talk along
the way if we go together.
About what?
It's about your brother,
the Wind Hashira.
You know, actually, he's...
Oh, Zenitsu! You're here.
Have you moved the boulder?
No, not yet.
I see.
I'm moving on to the next training.
Are you all right?
I'm worried because you haven't
been talking much lately.
Is that so?
Good for you.
And good luck.
I...
I've just come to understand clearly
what I need to do, what I must do.
What happened?
If there's anything I can help—
Tanjiro.
Just do what you need to do.
But... But I'm worried.
You're really a good guy.
Thank you.
But still...
This is something that
I absolutely must do myself.
Is Zenitsu going to be all right?
And Nezuko... Is it really okay to
leave her behind for so long?
I wonder if she's feeling lonely.
Huh? Uh... I'm here...
This should be the area
where Giyu is, right?
So fast!
Wind Breathing, First Form:
Dust Whirlwind Cutter!
But...
I can see them.
I can follow their movements.
Come on! What's the deal?
Didn't you say that
you're different from us?
I'm different from you all.
Uh oh, that's not what he meant.
Water Breathing,
Fourth Form: Striking Tide.
Too slow!
Seventh Form: Drop Ripple Thrust.
Fifth Form: Cold Mountain Wind!
All right, then how about we fight to
the death with our bare hands next?
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Hold on a second!
You can't fight to the death!
Shut up!
Weren't you ordered to
stay away from me?
And you dare enough to sneak on us
since earlier, you scum!
Are you fighting over ohagi?
If so, I can make enough
to fill you up.
You've got to be kidding me!
Huh? No, no, I'm serious!
You love ohagi, don't you?
When I was training at your place,
You bastards! Go back and start over
from the Final Selection!
When I was training at your place,
there was always a faint smell of
mochi and sweet red bean paste.
You bastards! Go back and start over
from the Final Selection!
there was always a faint smell of
mochi and sweet red bean paste.
What a nice smell.
Every time you came back to train us,
I smelled the fragrance of green tea and ohagi.
So I was convinced.
Shinazugawa... You like ohagi?
Ohagi is delicious, right?
Do you prefer it coarse or fine?
I, too, like ohagis made by
my grandmother.
Huh? What the...
Giyu?!
Shinazugawa got angry and
went somewhere else.
I see.
Why were you fighting?
We weren't.
It was part of the Hashira Training.
The Hashiras are sparring
with each other.
Is that so?
Oh! That's why you were
using wooden swords.
Right, I get it now.
Sorry, I interrupted your training.
No, you didn't.
I wasn't able to speak well,
and Shinazugawa was angry
the whole time.
But at least I learned
what his favorite food is.
Next time, I'll keep an ohagi in my pocket
and give it to him when I see him.
Oh! That's a great idea.
I'm sure we can get along that way.
I'll do that too!
Don't do that, you fools.
Where the hell are those guys
slacking off?
Of all times, both Iguro and
Tokito are absent.
Just training with those failures
will make me rusty.
Are you fighting over ohagi?
Tanjiro Kamado.
If that bastard hadn't interfered...
Damn it!
What's with that kid?
He's totally nuts!
The heck is this?
We've been infiltrated.
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
A stain from a worm being smashed
doesn't go away
The only feeling left behind
doesn't ever disappear
It snowslides to the bottom of the end
The world roars at the end of
a frozen future
The lives
The feelings
Live on through an infinite time
Destroy this demise,
burn this destiny
Scatter those powerless ones
Hold eternity down
The dreams of lives
In the light eventually fill the sky
Bow your head and yield the way
Disturb the world
Ah, you have arrived.
This is our first meeting, isn't it?
Muzan Kibutsuji.
What a hideous look you have,
Ubuyashiki.
This time I'll tell you
about Shinazugawa.
What's this about?
What's your business, Kamado?
Well, it's not like I have a business...
If you don't, then get lost!
Let's start our Taisho period secret.
Shinazugawa's hobby is raising
rhinoceros beetles.
And his favorite food is ohagi.
Ohagi?!
Again with the ohagi talk?!
Next up on the last episode:
"Hashiras, Assemble"
Come back here!
(To be continued)